C: Basic Output documentation update (#1031)
Codecademy/docs: content/c/concepts/basic-output/terms/printf/printf.md

> ## Print Formatted with `printf()`

Reviewer: This is missing the Metadata section at the head of the file. See the metadata section [here](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/content-standards.md). These also need some edits to be stand-alone entries. They need introductory material and Syntax and Example headers. You can look at the updated term entry template [here](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/term-entry-template.md).

---
Title: 'printf()'
Description: 'Print a string in the console.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Console'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`printf()`** function can print a string to the console, including variables within the string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`printf()`**, or "print formatted", function can print a string to the console, including variables within the string.
```

> While the `puts()` function can only accept and print a single string, the **`printf()`** function can print variables within a string. So more flexibility!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`printf()`** function can print a string to the console, including variables within the string.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> printf(string)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
printf(string, value1, value2 ... valueN)
```

```

> The `printf()` function, or "print formatted" function, takes a string with variable placeholders, also known as format specifiers, followed by any number of values to format in the string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `printf()` function takes a string with variable placeholders, also known as format specifiers, followed by any number of values to format in the string.
```

> The `printf()` function, or "print formatted" function, takes a string with variable placeholders, also known as format specifiers, followed by the values to format in the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `printf()` function, or "print formatted" function, takes a string with variable placeholders, also known as format specifiers, followed by any number of values to format in the string.
```

## Example

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int main(void) {
  printf("%d is a number\n", 5);
  printf("%d is after %d\n", 2, 1);
  return 0;
}
```

The output would be:

```shell
5 is a number
2 is after 1
```

## Format Specifiers

As seen above, the string given contains a `%` character followed by a letter to indicate what type of value will be formatted there. Some common ones are shown below:

| Format Specifier | Type    |
| ---------------- | ------- |
| `%c`             | char    |
| `%d`             | double  |
| `%i`             | integer |
| `%p`             | pointer |
| `%s`             | string  |

## Decimal Precision

When using format specifiers for decimal numbers, the number of decimal places to be printed can be specified.

> To print 2 digits after the decimal place, `0.2f` can be used in `printf()`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to print two digits after the decimal place with `printf()`, `0.2f` can be used:
```
